route: /guilds/#{guild_id}/premium/subscriptions (#335)
discord-userdoccers/discord-userdoccers: pages/resources/guild.mdx

}
```

### Premium Subscription Object

A premium subscription represents a member's premium subscription ([boost](https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/sections/360007875211-Server-Boosting)) in a guild.

###### Premium Subscription Structure

| Field             | Type                                                              | Description                                                         |
| ----------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | id                | snowflake                                                         | The ID of the subscription                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| id                | snowflake                                                         | The ID of the premium guild subscription                                          |
```
be specific here cuz there's a lot of IDs this could be referring to (e.g. the overall user sub, the user's premium guild sub slot, or the guild sub itself)

| guild_id          | snowflake                                                         | The ID of the guild this subscription is for                        |

> | user_id           | snowflake                                                         | The ID of the user this subscription is for                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| user_id           | snowflake                                                         | The ID of the user who created the subscription                         |
```

> | ended             | boolean                                                           | If this premium subscription has ended                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ended             | boolean                                                           | If this subscription has ended                              |
| ends_at? | ISO8601 timestamp | When this subscription will expire |
```

> | pause_ends_at ^1^ | ?ISO8601 timestamp                                                | The timestamp for when this user's premium subscription will expire |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pause_ends_at | ?ISO8601 timestamp                                                | When the user's overall subscription pause will end, reactivating the premium guild subscription |
```

| user              | partial [user](/resources/user#user-object) object                | The user this subscription is for                                   |

> ^1^ This field will be null in most cases, but it may be set to a timestamp in cases where the user's premium subscription is expiring.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

###### Example Premium Subscription

```json
{
  "id": "603376323175383060",

>   "user_id": "852892297661906993",

Reviewer: nitpick but the user id can't be older than the sub id :p 
feel free to use your own user

  "school": "discord"
}
```

<RouteHeader method="GET" url="/guilds/{guild.id}/premium/subscriptions">
  Get Guild Premium Subscribers
</RouteHeader>

> Returns an array of [premium subscription](#premium-subscription-object) objects for the guild.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a list of [premium subscription](#premium-subscription-object) objects for the guild.
```
minor consistency nit, list is use in endpoint docs
